Transcription of: audio_input/2025-08-06-Weekly-Deal-Review.m4a
Generated: 2025-08-08 11:05:04
Model: medium
==================================================
Language: en

Full Text:
Hello. Hello. Was it this call you might not make or? Yeah, it was this call. Okay. So me being late means just one minute earlier. Okay. So I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead to get the tubing out the window and stuff like that. Oh yeah, well yeah, it looks like our heat wave starts on Sunday, or at least where I am so I'll have to determine whether I buy one or not. Are you talking about an aircon unit? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've got a portable one, so to speak. Nice. Me and Michael were discussing it around the last time of the last heat wave that we had and it was around Amazon Prime Day. I chickened out whereas Michael went for it. I know I'm about to find out whether it was worth it or not. My god, you have to see the weather forecast for the next week, looks awesome. Really good. For us in the UK it's like high to 20, so this is like perfect British summer weather. Yeah. Yeah. It looks really nice. Yeah, it's been a bit rubbish for the last two weeks, so it's nice to get something a bit better. Yeah, cool. I don't think we've got a massive attendee attendance today, so I think it just might be us five. But Ben, thank you for volunteering to share an opportunity. Yeah, like I didn't want to make it too onerous in terms of what you had to do, so hopefully you didn't spend too much time prep. But yeah, perhaps today if you share your overview, we try to and if you have a particular like area that you want to focus on in terms of getting feedback, then that's great. Otherwise we can just ask you questions about the opportunity. Awesome. Yeah, this is actually really good timing because as you'll sort of see as I kind of discuss it, it's more of a kind of a request for support, more than anything really. But I'll share my one note. And I know that looks like a lot, but I haven't just written all that, just especially a lot of this is like lift and shift from my notes. So I've tried to keep it relatively high level. But I suppose in terms of the background, and Daniel knows a little bit about this because I was talking to Kenoko yesterday. But it's the prospect is a kind of formation company in the UK, so they help individuals from the UK and the rest of the world set up businesses in the UK. And there's a lot of stuff going on in that kind of area from a regulatory perspective. There's a new bill that's coming out, oh it's now out. But it's a bit typical UK in terms of there's a restriction on how I have to carry out IDV on not just UK, but anybody who resides outside the UK who wants to set up a business in the UK. How you do that is a much more grey area. There is some guidance from the UK government, but it's let's just say, I don't think it's legally binding. But anyway, this deal doesn't really go into the nuances of that element. It's never really kind of come up in conversation. Their problem is more around they have an inefficient way of onboarding customers completely at the moment. And they're using the new bill as an opportunity to kind of introduce some new services to onboard their customers completely, really. So that's why they've been kind of talking to us. It's at the trial stage now. So we've been talking to them for kind of a couple of months. They've gone through a trial for the last two weeks. And yes, coming to the end of that trial in terms of kind of the key value drivers, I've kind of linked these kind of the pain points they've got. Like I said, the main one is they have kind of quite an inefficient process at the moment. So they do everything manually. They have a team of people that they want to reduce significantly and you repurpose them across the business. And also it takes them quite a long time to do ID&V. So it's kind of I'm still getting used to the new value drivers, but it kind of fits into the fair and into unlocking operational efficiency at scale. And the second one, they have with what they do now, it's quite fragmented. So they ask end users to send some stuff. This team of people manually get stuff together. They have access to different portals and it's quite annoying. And then it doesn't cover all the things they want to do. I didn't include all of the full ID&V journey, but just to touch on that, they like to do docking motion. Then they're doing a proof of address via IDR or POA. And then finally, a watch list check if that's successful. So it's a step up verification as you go through it. The gap at the moment and most annoyances is the proof of address piece. They don't have a provider who can support them. So they're doing their POA completely manually at the minute. The rest of it, they have access to other stuff. So that's kind of the key value drivers. And then what I kind of wanted your help from today's specifically, we've just come to the end of this trial. And generally, like they're really happy with what we've done and how we've supported them. But they did give us some feedback and I wanted to kind of run through that. And I've already got an idea in my mind. And we already discussed some of this with the customer about how we can support them with some of the feedback. But it would be really good to kind of get other people's views in case I've those other things I'm not aware of that could also support it. So, yeah, before I get into the actual feedback, I want to go through it quite specifically. Any questions, I suppose, around what I've just said in terms of the overall background? So far, awesome. Thank you. So you mentioned where is it the regulatory compliance? So that's not actually like, I don't know, if they if they fail to meet that, there's no repercussions. Is that correct? So it's not necessarily driving towards adoption. No, that's a good it's a good point. It's a good challenge. So I think you're right in terms of that is what that is probably one of the main calling compelling events as to why they're doing something now, because they're probably going to see an increase in demand because of that bill having to do stuff. But the process of how they do the IDV as part of that bill is the bit that's a bit greater because without going it's a bit crazy. And Daniel is knows more about it than I do. But basically, there's a bill that part of the bill, the regulation, which is just guidance, not how it should be done. Basically, they say it should be done with an NFC document or if you can't do an NFC document has to be done by a manual person, which is quite bonkers. But I don't for one minute think that all of these foundation companies are going to do that because no one will have the resources to do it. It's pretty crazy, really. I suspect it might be more of the Home Office's view on it, maybe. But there's not a risk of them not being able to do what's included in the bill because I think they kind of already do that. It's more of a actually we need to do this at scale and do it a bit better because there's going to be just more people doing it. Does that make sense? Yeah, no, it does. Yeah, just when looking at key value drivers, like navigating regulatory compliance should be there as well, given that is driving some of this. No, no, I don't disagree with you. It's funny when I look through the new value drivers, I feel like compared to the old ones you used, they're a bit broader and I feel like things slip between different things. And also, like for this, I didn't want to kind of because actually it probably covers all four to some extent. But I think the ones that are most important for them, I think of this at the moment. But yeah, OK, so this is the kind of feedback. So this is wobbling. This is doing my head in. Sorry. Can you see that? I'll highlight the bits I talk about. But basically, they're quite nervous around POA. And this, there's a few kind of comments on that. The first one is they would like to be able to customize the list of supported documents. So the same way we do this for document report, we want to do it for POA. And this is where I fell into this trap of I accidentally stumbled across a new feature in POA where you can do that now. And the customer knows we can do that. So they know we've got a solution for that. I've shown them the solution for that. I've actually sent them screenshots of how I did it in my, you know, so they're pretty comfortable with that. And I've told them that it's coming basically the end of August, but they know that's not a hard commitment. And we won't be kind of, you know, backed into a corner of it, but it should give them a degree of confidence that's something we're working on. The second one is around, yeah, the list of supported countries does not cover their entire customer base. So that will kind of come on to some of the feedback a little bit later on. So I'll cover that one shortly, but I'll pass that one for now. The other one is the VEDA validity date for POA documents in the SDK document selection screen does not match their requirement to only support documents issued in the last few months. So if you remember POA, depending on our document type we support, we have a varying degree of validity to that driven by our rules. And whilst during the trial, I kind of guided them to introduce some logic into the workflow so that they can add a custom rule into the issue date to drive that. What I didn't realize is that when you're going through the document selection, if you select, for example, United Kingdom bank statement, the last screen before it goes to capture, it tells you the on-fido date validity range, if that makes sense. I think it says 12 months if it's that one or three or six. So the annoying thing is, is even if you've got that rule in the back end, you're still telling the customer that. So before I kind of let you guys comment on that, my initial reaction to that, I sort of said to you yesterday on the call with them was like, I'll take that away to see if there's something we can do in the SDK experience to support that. So I suppose that's my first question to this group is, can we do something in the SDK to change the text in that screen so that it says three months for every document regardless? Does that make sense? Before anyone, yeah, it does make sense. Before anyone answers that question, you mentioned their requirement. Is that regulatory compliant or internal policy? It's just theirs. Okay. Yeah. Do they justify that in any way? It's one of those where, because when it first came up, my mind just went, oh yeah, just introduced the logic in there. I'd complete as an oversight on my behalf about it being in the SDK. So we never really scratched it too much. It was always the case of, well, we can support it so we're not no harm, no foul. Whereas now it's like actually I noticed even when we do that. So yeah. Yeah, that's fine. I would need to double check whether we could, that whether we can change that string, whether it's available as a translation. But, Daniele. It's interesting because I didn't know about this. So there is a dynamic thing that complicates things a bit. I was expecting to see a six here. But because maybe there is something, I don't know. That's weird. I never looked into that. But could you, would we be replacing that string that you just highlighted? Yeah, I don't know because this is a variable. Yeah, but we'd just get rid of that variable if you were replacing the string. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, you need to look at place out here because I only see six months here. So maybe it's something for the future. Yeah, you just say six there, but you need to test. Yeah, just one thing. Maybe we can like not use that variable and just put the static numbers in the JSON. That's what Joseph said. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the thing is that I think what a real solution could be for this is to have in the document capture. Now that we can put the, for each document, you can say check and check so that it shows or not. If they could just add like a little column within the validity period and then you can do it in Studio, I think it would be way better for the customers. Meaning like here? I don't understand. Yeah, I won't say. So here now it's what Ben was saying in the beginning. They added this so you can say, I don't know, Italy you have all these. If they can just add like validity period someplace here so we can put specific numbers for each. I think it's a very easy like thing to implement. And then for every document type for every issuing country, the customer by default, of course, it will be the values that you saw in the developers hub. But then the customer can just change it here and then that's what shows in the order. But you're asking a big feature request. I don't think that solves Ben's problem of now. I know, I mean, what's the problem is what what we said about changing in the SDK customization, but I think I think it's worth it to push for this feature request. I think so. Because you can then also inherit it, you know, the same way that we inherit stuff from the documentary port. You can also have it here and then it's better. We don't need to create custom logics for every document and stuff like that. OK. I mean, I suppose I could probably post something in the signals channel and just try and get kind of almost like a short term and long term route. Short term, is there something we can do within the SDK code that we can guide them so that they can manually do something a bit like that way? And then secondly, like to Japan's point, more longer term, raise a product product board request and then suggest that there's something because they're doing some stuff with proof of address anyway, like because they're changing this. It's almost like they've got the bonnet up already. So they're doing stuff with the supported document things. It might be something they might consider. Yeah, just another argument to put in case you want to put the product feature requests, but we can discuss it later if you want. Is that what I don't like about these solutions of you can override the logic in studio is that it's completely messes up with all our look reports. So your customer will be using POA heavily. We will have a lot of consider. The clear rate will be so bad. But just because again, it was not supported within the limit while if we really put it properly in the capture and we inherit it in the documentary report, then the POA product will clear in case it is within the limit that the customer sets. So yeah, that's why I prefer, you know, like a cleaner solution. But again, of course, I agree with the fact that it doesn't solve the immediate issue with the customer. But I think one of the immediate issue is the customization in the JSON. Okay, conscious of the time, I'll just try and provide the rest of it. Can you share your screen again? Sorry, yeah. That's alright. Yeah, thank you. So that's kind of the proof of address points. So interestingly, they kind of suggested that they're happy for us to use to use on feeder with their new product soft launch to onboard new customers. They have some appetite to review the list of supported documents. So what they're saying here is, this is kind of the reason why they're quite. And this comes to the point that we skipped over around the supported documents for proof of address. So what they're saying is, well, they have an entire customer base and our POA support country doesn't cover their entire customer base today. There's a slight discrepancy. However, with their new product that they're using to now onboard customers as part of all the work they're doing, they're kind of comfortable to use on feeder. And they actually got some appetite to reconsider their support country's policy going forward tomorrow line with on feeders. But they still need to carry out work on their existing customers. So, for example, if I had a customer who's been a customer for 10 years, who's, I don't know, trying to think of an unsupported document, I don't know, let's say, let's pretend Latvia wasn't supported by us. Then they don't want to shock that customer when they have to redo things. They all we no longer support that. So that's kind of the feedback that they've kind of given us around that and the difference between, OK, they've got this new product where they'll onboard new people and then they will have an older product that they continually carry out IDV for existing customers. So, yeah, and that's what I've articulated in this last point as well. There's some concern around using on feeder within their existing customer base due to that discrepancy. They had some requirements around case management, which we don't support. So that was my own retrospectively change in results and adding case notes. And the reason why they were thinking about that was again, it was kind of because of the regulatory stuff coming in. They're actually doing a new IDV onboarding process, but they've also introducing a new case management system as well. So it sounds like they've got kind of three core things, new onboarding, the ECT year bill and a new, what's it called, customer management system. So that's kind of the things they're juggling, hence why the preference would be able to do some of that in that. I've kind of managed that conversation that they almost we talk about why we don't do case management and how most of our customers use their own case management system. But it was just general feedback. And then again, they want to do some final testing just to do some of the wider ranges of POA. So yeah, so that's kind of all the feedback and kind of what I've kind of highlighted here in terms of these are the things I intend to follow up with just to almost kind of show them how we can support them with some of the challenges they've raised. So first one is there a way to customize the SDK to stay at three months by the list date, which we talked about. So I'll chase that up. What measures are in place to prevent users from submitting poor quality images? So they've actually done a lot of POA and proof of address testing, not so much on the document capture. And they don't tend to do that. And they asked me on the call about what's the process around that. So again, I'll just tell them the usual stuff we talk about of all of the things within our SDK to prevent an end user from presenting that type of poor image. So that's that. Is there a way to amend results in the dashboard? So this is where I'm going to just re-clarify that, you know, from a case management perspective, we don't support it. Mainly because we're a data processor, not a data controller and all that sort of good stuff that we're used to sort of saying. And then how do you create multiple versions that work for this? This took me a bit by surprise. He didn't know how to kind of do that, but I quickly showed him and he was like, oh my God, thank you so much. That makes a lot of sense. So I'm just going to kind of follow up on that. So he's got it in writing. Do you have an experience integrating with customer I.O.? So when we scratched up the case management system piece, they mentioned that that's the vendor they're looking to use. So again, I might reach out to see if anybody's got any experience with customers working with OnFeeder with customer I.O. Otherwise, it might be just a general case of our solution doesn't do anything too crazy. Like we've got lots of customers who integrate OnFeeder with their case management system. I suspect it will be a similar sort of process. Can new countries and document types be added in the future? Yes, of course. I'll just at the top, I'm going to push him for the list of countries and document types that the gap is today and feed that into Chris Cortez and get product board insights raised for that as well. And then how can we support that? Yeah, so this was more about the last one. So how can we support scenario where a new and existing customer resides in an unsupported country for POA? So when we talk about, OK, they've got their new customers, they go through a new process or even with an existing customer, they go through the new process. How can we support the customer where there's that discrepancy? And my initial thoughts are, well, if they were able to be specific on the countries that they would accept, but we don't accept, we could introduce logic into the work to only carry out dock and motion for those countries and not do POA and IDR for the countries where there's a gap. And then they would then have to do that work manually themselves in the time being, whilst we have the document support on in the future. And that's the way my first initial thought was. And actually, they always presume to still have a manual teaming, but they just wanted to manually scale this down. So we're still achieving that objective of dramatically reducing their manual work, but only down to those that are not the supported countries. Does that make sense on that last point? And does anybody else have any ideas around how else we could support around that? Because I think that's probably the most important bit, I think. How many, because you mentioned at some point the list of support countries does not cover the entire customer base. Do you know how many countries we don't support that they do want to support? No, we only kind of got that from him yesterday. So I'm going to go back to him, Japan, and say, you know, he knows I'm going to be badgering for it. And are they very like, are you talking to like a developer team? Are they like very tech oriented? No, he is kind of a, we've only actually spoken to two people from that business. One is kind of the overall product project manager lead. But he's quite knowledgeable, like super sharp, so he knows what he's talking about. And they had one developer, but that's it. I only see like one solution for that is to have a page before the SDK. In case, yeah, in case it's like a short list of like five countries to them, are you do you reside in any of these five? And then if so, don't initiate the SDK, but rather just like an upload and it goes straight to their to their manual team. Yeah, I think we support like a decent amount of countries in POA. I'm really keen to know which countries exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, because the list might seem a bit short, but it's because all Europe is in one line. Yeah. It's not the best solution, but I think it's the I don't know, at least that's what I would have thought of intuitively. I don't know if the rest of the team has other solutions. So did they ever. So how. Because they mentioned the bill, but then yesterday we went into the actual degree of how to verify identity and all that. And I just was just reading that now is nonsensical. I've just noticed that I'm updating the wiki, but have they ever mentioned that piece or are they doing everything in isolation? Just this has came to you and they said we want to do this without mentioning actually the guidance ever. Do you mean the guidance from the CTA bill? Not for the bill wouldn't go into the detail. The guidance is this one, right? Oh, yeah, sorry. Yeah. No, they've not mentioned it once. This is linked from another document, except it's only my page here. But I just noticed it. So for option one, it's crazy. These people, people who write this must be like drinking a lot during the day, liquid lunches. You must use option one if you use the IDVT technology and validate the cryptographic features. When they write this, I'm thinking NFC scan. Right. Again, cryptographic feature and then you same breath is saying UK. Photographed driving license, which clearly does not have NFC chip. I'm going to say if you use option one, actually, you don't have to do POA because option one is one of those. Option two, when you do the manual check, I share look, then you need POA. So I think there are two challenges. One is the guidance is crazy. The people you're talking to have not read the guidance. With anything that I've seen so far in the past three years from the UK department trying to figure out how to do these things, it's just a whole mess. Because you read something like, OK, it doesn't make sense. But if you read option two, they never read this. So that's fine. What I'm saying is maybe there was a solution here, but these people have not read this. If you point them to this, you will create problems for the op, I think. Yeah, I've been very, yeah, I mean, since I was yesterday, I was like, I speak to Zach about it. I was like, I was really nervous about actually, there's a real risk here. If I kind of go into this level of detail, it could just go like that. But it's tricky because thankfully, they've been quite good on this, Daniel, in terms of they were very clear. This is what we want to do. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, that's fine. At the end of the day, it is their responsibility. But I do agree that if the guidance was clearer, we would be better positioned to guide them. Because there was a way to even not do POA. Yeah, yeah, it could be that with POA actually, again, that is whilst it's not covered within that bill, it's something they want to do as part of their business process outside of the realm of that as well. No, no, it is covered. But in option two, yes, Jebran. Because that's where the pages say if the evidence doesn't have the address, then you need to do POA. Or you do cryptography. I think what they mean is like if the document has the address, like a driving license, you're good to go. If it doesn't like a passport, it has to be NFC. Yeah. So we just use the document with address verification. Exactly. But if you go to option two, the IDVT has to be manual. So a shadow lock, not boost. But they have no idea. So anyway, that's fine. Just wanted to point out the craziness of all this. I've got a feeling that, you know, if you kind of back against the world where I think this is going with the customer, I think they're quite happy to take this for what they want to do. Certainly from a doc immersion thing, I think it's just that they have a very particular issue with POA at the minute. And I think this is about really being able to kind of not just win the deal, but scale it with them if we can really push them and get them, you know, really support them with the POA bit. You know, so, yeah, we'll have to say. You must meet that standard. They're not meeting the standard, so they will be in trouble. That problem. But don't tell them. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's just strange, isn't it? Because I just don't know how anybody's going to like the whole how everyone's going to be able to comply with that. You know, yeah, I'm talking to a company called Legal, they work in a legal conveyance in space. Yeah, they don't know what they're doing. And it's amazing. Yeah, literally, they have no idea. They talk about regulations that don't exist. They read them incorrectly. Yeah. Yeah. I guess until these companies are held accountable and like fine. Absolutely. Yeah. Then there's no pressure. I appreciate we've overrun perhaps I'll extend these sessions. But yeah, thanks, Ben, for sharing that. I guess from me, like, there's a lot of kind of technical discussion around the solution and not necessarily like commands of the message. Like some of it obviously important in terms of required capabilities. But I guess going back to command of the message and approaches. I know I've got a meeting with Michael now. So overrunning a bit. But like, I guess the competition is they do it in house. Like, there's no other vendors, like no competitors that buy supplies. Is that correct? Yeah, so they I think they use a combination of a few different people. One of them is Credence, I think. But for what they've kind of let us know about, it's manually and how they get the information from the customers. But it is a case of a team of 15 people sign a room and manually entering data into portals to do one off verifications for all the signals and stuff. So that's how they do it today. But yeah, they could. They they've not given us too much insight into whether they're assessing other vendors in the same way they are with us. And yes, they could, in theory. I don't think they could build it in house. I think it would just be continuingly doing what they do today. In house doesn't need necessarily to be building. It could be just continue existing. Like, I wonder how not though on how much does it cost to hire 15 FTEs full time? Yeah. And as opposed to ours, like, can we justify our ROI essentially saying, like, not get rid of those 15 people, but make them perhaps more focused on the work they do. It will cost less. And then obviously we use some of our proof points to say, and this is where we've seen success. This is how we've reduced the cost by introducing automation. So I know we're at that point in the trial where we still need to kind of justify our solution as the right one and address those gaps. But at the same time, let's also like make sure that we're really hammering home that like this is going to drive value for them. Yeah, I think it's really useful especially if we like there's bits around the POA bit. That's not 100% because this that was the main challenge that came to us with is we've got 15 people. We want to get that down. And I think that's why they're still talking to us and happy with us because we've proven that. You know, minus the niggly bits around, you know, making it really fit for Babs and what they want to do, you know, to the lower detail. But although that man, that's really good feedback. Is there any like any kind of concrete next steps that you can take away from this? I think there's questions that I had on screen around how I'm going to follow up. I think I need to do that just because it just shows how, you know, we're going above and beyond to support them, you know, with how they specifically want to do it. They said they're going to make a decision next week. They've just got a final bit of testing to do. So I think the next bit is kind of supporting Zach around actually like we've spotted this. You've got your price in front of them. How do we make them really feel to your point? The return on investment really and what we start to do. So I think that's kind of where I see it going, I think. Nice. Cool. Well, yeah. Thanks again, Ben. Appreciate it. Not easy being the first one to volunteer, but thank you. I'll apply the pressure to the rest of the team. You can take time off. I'm going to try and share. I'm going to try and create a repository of this because like there's obviously some useful conversation. I've been taking some notes, so I'll try and make it. I know I didn't record the session, but it'd be nice to have like a history of these weekly reviews so that I know we can see some learning. So I'm going to try and create that and I'll share with this group to input into it. Sounds good. Yeah. Thanks for your help as well, by the way. It's super appreciated. Yeah, this is obviously we want to kind of try the right outcome to support each other. So yeah, hopefully you got something out of it and can apply that to the opportunity. Yeah, cool. Well, I'll speak to Michael right now, but see you all in a little bit and have a good weekend if I don't speak to you later. Cheers, everyone. Bye.