Transcription of: audio_input/2025-08-06-EMEA-Weekly-Forecast.m4a
Generated: 2025-08-06 16:21:53
Model: base
==================================================
Language: hi

Full Text:
m maybe just amongst friends just amongst friends that's what we are I'll be twice, twice in one day what a treat what a treat hi guys hello hello hi guys hi we were just on that first legal office hours call I think it's going to be pretty useful is yeah yeah it's just like I don't need to join every way just like drop in if there's anything sort of key you want to talk to legal about I think it's going to be pretty useful I think I folded it to most of you earlier is there most of a turnout? no no yeah but then these things these things often a lie that I was telling so I was worried about having everyone on it and I think my experience people don't really tend to show up for these so yeah I think it should work no I think it will work I think we just need to know it becomes more right day they can't complain if they're not take up offers like that that's what I'm with yeah so it was pretty good well let's run through this we start with do you want to want to start with anything new because I appreciate we often miss you guys off at the end so I don't know if I didn't even bring my report up yes sure so like I guess top of mind we can just say what's going on in the team is that we are on top of our normal cadence of addressing renewals we are also working on this deprecating of the watch list and HALS product that is I guess you've heard about and that's being sort of accelerated to be finalised this September rather than in a year's time which was maybe the initial plan and so our team are helping out with creating contract amendments for customers to sign and most customers have already moved over to using watch list AML complied vantage I mean I don't need to tell you the whole story here but like that's what we're doing intensively at the moment it's about I guess 30 contracts in the may other needs addressing and less in America's an APAC probably 20 or so in total so we've decided the ones the customers that have recent usage we're addressing immediately together with the CSM's and AS of course and then any customers that have this product on their contract but are not using it we are leaving and addressing removing that product as and when the contract renews later on because there's no there's no point in just rushing with that now and we'll just leave it there's no usage and we'll remove it as and when the contract renews so that's what's going on on top of normal what sort of push back will you get from the customers that are using it and they can be left without a product yeah the main problem is that we haven't communicated it in good time to most customers the bigger customers we have via via the CSM team so like they've will have had a lot of things during the last year or so really Miguel I think but in terms of the sort of below 100k customers which is quite a few we haven't let them know in good time and so that will that's going to be a push back and then yeah it's worth doing up most of the things you'll see calling these many things it's every time there is a change that affects a lot of customers we're not that good at it I guess it's not really a clear ownership from product to maybe there's not like a program management team to take care of these things and the customers do not get happy I think it's putting us CSM's and E is sometimes in a difficult situation because we were at the space for the company and things are going that well and this is an example of we had time but the process some of these customers were missed and now we need to be running around a little bit so that all of these affects I mean it's a lot of time that CSM spend on these things and also these erodes a bit of confidence from customers because it's one after the other so that's we're trying to get improved and why do we turn this product off then what's the background of that of not being updated on that this is the watch list product yeah it's not the whole watch list product it's one variation of it yeah so we used to have a partnership with Moody's who provided it so that was what we call watch list enhanced we then onboarded which is our current provider because they have better data sources which is called watch list AML so this is the standard version that we're deprecating and moving everyone to the watch list AML product okay or what is the customer's lose then they lose something or is it an upgrade for them technically they should get better performance I don't know about cost implications but the standard was cheaper than AML so what it's the same all contrast I've seen AML that we want them to move to and enhanced have the same price per check there may be some integration changes I think it's just like the responses will be different so from that perspective they will have to do some kind of small migration yeah and we have we are able to pull in implementation services for your charge if needed from some as team we haven't needed with any single one so far on the larger accounts but it's there if we run into any problems yeah I guess the main reason we're trying to do it earlier is to save ourselves a lot of money for like over a million dollars to renew with movies for another year and so we couldn't reduce it and just renew at a small amount so that is the sort of motivation behind okay we lost some money in the one some customers when they're told you move from movies you need to go to complied vantages they've gone directly to complied vantages when they're getting better pricing and we can share a number of accounts on those that's we're losing some of that money and the other one is some of the concerns that they have it before if movie doesn't work fail over to complied vantages now we only have complied vantages if it goes wrong you lose these high availability that's another concern that's another example of a conversations that we're having with customers and is there opportunities to win the chaos of these customers like if we're talking to them about this particular scenario does it open a door to win just more standard volume anywhere else like renegotiate the rest of the contracts or anything I don't think really doesn't matter it's the respect of these migration we can always have a conversation but it's not now that we're moving to complied vantages we have an opportunity opening in general it's a negative but I mean we're saving a million dollars company level but it's we don't get that million dollars to our number yeah I'm sorry okay so anything I'm sorry anything any major renewals yeah I'll show you don't need to go into detail on this but here is all the all the Q2 renewals so it's still not booked but it's signed last week I'm not sure why it's not booked I mean either why would that be it's yeah I saw a question on the rev-up's channel I thought yeah that was being dealt with but I think there's a question I was I've been checked whether you came back on that or not there's a question from Qi so no she hasn't chased me that should have all been closed off last week yeah it's still not booked okay let me let me chase that out I don't know why that is yeah I can get a bit hard to find all the threads in the rev-up's at the moment I feel yeah which one do I want to point out Binance I want to update because I know that will likely be a short term contract till December so it'll be a full renewal rather than anything else so I'm going to remove the risk we had there in the forecast to the Binance QES I think just the the big picture is 22 million up for a renewal we have a downside number of 49 and an upside of 58 in a mail Q1 obviously was 80% and that's due to a couple of large charms that we have Revolut, Scribe, Tide a few others yeah and then you should necessarily mean the revenues gone though does it? This just means the booking is down yeah it means the booking is down and that that's exactly it and once these bigger contracts and will recognize the unused minimums but then customers will sort of write size so it doesn't necessarily need mean less revenue yeah yeah that's cool and if you have some again anything for me which is the the last thing is I mean you know the way this goes especially studios like basically increasing by 50% you have in the expectation is that new accounts most of them they're already new customers they have studio on the planets that they use studio just to double check on that one and just update that it's yeah we're getting some I mean we have this ambitious target but we still have some parity gaps plus sick versus studios so that's a constant work with products to make sure that we bridge that gap in terms of your parity he's going well I think Clarna is going to be one of the key needle movers here so Clarna we get them to to migrate and we can hit that target so yeah that's basically a bit of high level the main goals that we have for this quarter okay thank you I've just checked and Teresa was asking just to confirm pricing in the contract which is correct so I've just reaffirmed that that's all right so she can just close it as a bug map Oh thanks Oli Sorry thanks Oli yeah okay let's have a quick look there. I've kept the team override the same pretty bullish but committing to hit our target this call to the spec that might start coming down from the middle to end of this month if we're not booking some more deals. James, are you all between basically 1 million and 1.3 million? Yeah, this is... Sorry. Come on. So I've shifted it down based on kind of the guidance here which a couple of weeks ago, around 25% of the best case number. I do think this is low for best case. I do feel that we close out more of our best case stills than 20% to 30% historically. But I'm happy to kind of take a long time being. I see where this lands because... Yeah. Good work, Father. Of course. Yeah. The whole point we feel is low to me, but the deals I've got and the pipeline companies I've got... Yeah, start pushing it. Start pushing it up as we get more confidence in the deals in best case. Yeah. Like, as a starting point, I think this is fine. And yeah, if we can push it up, then brilliant. And rather it goes up and down. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's pretty good. And key deals for you. Any updates on... So, go, Carlos. We spoke about this morning. Because there is some additional risk here, based on some of the timelines that we've got with them, like all of the contractual work, to get the additional use cases and things is underway. And we think revenue rise with a very strong position. It's just whether or not we can book that deal this month, based on the 60-day POC they want to undertake. Taped up send, top of three between the two of those, that's half a million in itself. Is going to be, like I said, again, this morning, you're pretty repetitive updates the next few weeks. We'll really start pushing this. So, beginning of September, try to get that over the line. And then sum up as the other big one. That one is obviously much of this week. So, we should see that close and disappear pretty soon. Oh, brilliant. Good. Good staff. And then, Ollie on behalf of Christian, just what you're saying. So, yeah, can we override between basically 800 and 1.4? Not too dissimilar to James's. The big chunk of this is Fiona's deal, isn't it? Yeah, you should be saying. Yeah, I mean, it's pretty much all that. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Anything to update the group on with some of these? No, it hasn't been seen. I think the fear is out this week, but I think the decision is going to be next week. So, hopefully we'll have some positive news then. But I think for the next, well, certainly for this week, that's going to remain as is. OK. And then trade in to one. So we sort of de-risked it a bit. We sort of feel us not moving this feature. No, exactly. I think we need to require that. I think we need to recall a couple of things before we start putting that in a higher band. Rich is working on that. He's is he's only back in the office this week picking up all the JPMC stuff, which is really real. And I think I've got decision coming for that in the next one to two weeks. So I'll get into to focus on trueing up that training to one, two up as well. OK. Cool. Right. That's probably what we can go through. This week anything else? Good or bad that? Are you or anyone else in the colony? Is there anything? Anything happening? I can raise something that maybe not beyond everyone's radar. It's quite specific about Romania and the national identity cards. Yeah. I don't know if everyone's aware of that kind of issue at the moment, but essentially new version, the remaining national identity cards, like 2025 version, it requires there's gone a dress on there, but it requires a pen to do the extraction. And that the address extraction is a part of the regulatory compliance. We on Fido and trust don't support this at a moment. And it's not being prioritized until next financial year. One of our customers, RIFI, and there's always raised it with us and said that we don't support this, then they will turn or reduce their volume. Obviously the flag for me is revenue, who processed 2.5 million Romanian IDs. So I've spoken to Andrea about this. Does his awareness of it? Because yeah, there is a large impact. And having a solution available next financial year doesn't seem sensible. No, that's the Romanian, Romanian is their largest market with the largest dock process. Does the pin, if we solve the pin thing, doesn't that give us an end to Germany as well? Can't we sort of falsed the dice that approach? Because there's the German, there is a dock and pin solution there that's back and conflying. Yeah, it might be, but I think the German solution is probably a bit more manual just because of their, I don't know, sure, it will be like an API where we can access and get, like, retrieve the information. I think it might be, to be honest, I haven't looked into that, but it could, like, there is a potential that we could reuse it. But for now, obviously, the focus is just trying to get some kind of Romanian solution. What's the time line that you need for that? Well, the Romanian government, it's 50,000 new cards a month. So, like, this is imminent. Like, this is a problem that's happening now. So, yeah, it's going to affect all our customers in Romania, or operating in Romania. So, the timeline is, it's not true yesterday. God. Okay. I've got a team on that. We need to do anything to, to escalate this. So, it's been, there's, we've got a channel called Squad of Customer Request, where it's been raised and the rest are from product is leading on that. But essentially, from her perspective, there's not been prioritized until next financial year. So, like I said, I raised that with on DreadC, whether it was on his radar. He hasn't got back to me yet. But I want to say, raise it with this group as well. Yeah. Do you, do you know about the Romanian regulator issues that we had recently as well? Yeah, about them essentially saying that we're not fit for purpose. Yeah, I'm assuming that that same team is soundstaking everyone should be. Relevant for this next. Yeah, the should like because this isn't going to help our position. If we're not being able to support this document. I don't, I don't like it so ready. Exactly. Yeah, so like, and I love us even more if we can't support this. No, it doesn't look like they're included in this thread. I'll share the thread with everyone that's cool, just so you got visibility. But, yeah, it could be worthwhile to get there in person as well. Yeah. So yeah, not good news I'm sharing, but I thought for visibility, you should all be aware. Yeah, that's nice. Tony was, Tony was involved in that like that Romanian regulator thing. So if it's same, same problem, different, or similar problem. Different day. And they probably want to know given. Yeah, we're going to look at everyone's that the importance of that market. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, nothing else for me. Okay. I'll just ping on Dreyer. I'll raise this in our leadership meetings tomorrow. I'll have a chat then brilliant. Thanks for bringing that up, Joe. Super useful. And. Oh, good stuff. Short one this week then. Nothing else from me. All good. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.